index.md, before:

## Solving Nash equilibrium problems in binary strategies

We propose a novel method to find Nash equilibria in games with binary decision variables by including compensation payments and incentive-compatibility constraints from non-cooperative game theory directly into an optimization framework in lieu of using first order conditions of a linearization, or relaxation of integrality conditions. The reformulation offers a new approach to obtain and interpret dual variables to binary constraints using the benefit or loss from deviation rather than marginal relaxations. The method endogenizes the trade-off between overall (societal) efficiency and compensation payments necessary to align incentives of individual players. 

The manuscript with the theoretical background of dual variables in integer programs and the mathematical explanation of our method can be downloaded at [DIW Berlin](http://diw.de/sixcms/detail.php?id=diw_01.c.502763.de), [arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1504.05894) and [OptimizationOnline](http://www.optimization-online.org/DB_HTML/2015/04/4874.html).

This repository includes the GAMS codes for the numerical results for the electricity market example presented in Chapter 4 and the Appendix of the manuscript (including all data), as well as an additional illustrative example of a natural gas investment and operation game.

### Keywords
binary Nash game, non-cooperative equilibrium, multi-objective optimisation, compensation, incentive compatibility, electricity market, power market, uplift payments

### Journal of Economic Literature Classification [JEL Codes](https://www.aeaweb.org/econlit/jelCodes.php?view=jel)
C72, C61, L13, L94

### Mathematics Subject Classification [MSC](https://cran.r-project.org/web/classifications/MSC.html)
90C11, 90C46, 91B26

### Authors and Contributors
This method and the codes were developed by @danielhuppmann and @ssaul3h.

### Bibliography info
Please cite as:
Daniel Huppmann and Sauleh Siddiqui.
"An exact solution method for binary equilibrium problems with compensation and the power market uplift problem",
DIW Discussion Paper 1475, 2015.

### License
This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

Commit message:

Reference to manuscript forthcoming in EJOR

index.md, after:

## Solving Nash equilibrium problems in binary strategies

We propose a novel method to find Nash equilibria in games with binary decision variables by including compensation payments and incentive-compatibility constraints from non-cooperative game theory directly into an optimization framework in lieu of using first order conditions of a linearization, or relaxation of integrality conditions. The reformulation offers a new approach to obtain and interpret dual variables to binary constraints using the benefit or loss from deviation rather than marginal relaxations. The method endogenizes the trade-off between overall (societal) efficiency and compensation payments necessary to align incentives of individual players. 

The manuscript with the theoretical background of dual variables in integer programs and the mathematical explanation of our method is forthcoming in the [European Journal of Operational Research](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ejor.2017.09.032).
Preprints and working versions can be downloaded from [arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1504.05894) and [OptimizationOnline](http://www.optimization-online.org/DB_HTML/2015/04/4874.html).

This repository includes the GAMS codes for the numerical results for the electricity market example presented in Chapter 4 and the Appendix of the manuscript (including all data), as well as an additional illustrative example of a natural gas investment and operation game.

### Bibliography info
Please cite as:
Daniel Huppmann and Sauleh Siddiqui.
"An exact solution method for binary equilibrium problems with compensation and the power market uplift problem",
European Journal of Operational Research, 2017, [DOI: 10.1016/j.ejor.2017.09.032](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ejor.2017.09.032).

### Keywords
binary Nash game, non-cooperative equilibrium, multi-objective optimisation, compensation, incentive compatibility, electricity market, power market, uplift payments

### Journal of Economic Literature Classification [JEL Codes](https://www.aeaweb.org/econlit/jelCodes.php?view=jel)
C72, C61, L13, L94

### Mathematics Subject Classification [MSC](https://cran.r-project.org/web/classifications/MSC.html)
90C11, 90C46, 91B26

### Authors and Contributors
This method and the codes were developed by @danielhuppmann and @ssaul3h.

### License
This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
